my performance tomorrow hopefully it's
gonna be good
what uh guarantees no but uh just gonna
be playing so a lot of you know the hits
that people know that are freaking
familiar with and some news some
University stuff too as well
so we look forward to it and look
forward to seeing a lot of the the acts
that we used to do like promotions
together but I haven't seen him in years
give me a lot of fun to see some of the
acts they're performing him bring us
back to those days I just can't believe
it's been almost all this timer it
exists at the moment such a long time
it's incredible Wow and this is a lot of
dance I listen to a lot of rock I mean I
like a lot of lost bass guitar Minko
stuff you know it's pretty pretty varied
you know it just depends a type of wood
what hidden talents do I have you know I
really like design and stuff like that I
mean I really liked a lot of anything
that has to do with like architecture
and things like that I really I really
enjoyed that something that when I grow
up and I would like to do but I guess
I'm already grown up son
but I really enjoyed that well that's
good to me now music has been very very
good to me no no this I love to love
still keep it shape and workout in the
gym and I'm big into sports and that's
why I was a host of surprised to know
that Abu Dhabi is so close to here
because I watch all the jiu-jitsu
matches you know the boxing and all the
fighting and a lot of it you know from
here because I'm huge the main mixed
martial arts fan
oh no I'm not really just just trying to
warm up cuz you know it's always a hit
or miss but sometimes I like I feel
pretty good
today we're traveling you know on the
voice it reach havoc on the voice as far
as though having to sing and actually
perform because you know the air
conditioning people are playing I gotta
hit a cold and they're going to be sick
you know so luckily there's no original
district you know drink plenty of tea
and trying to you know try and keep
trying to keep the white shade because
the songs are getting harder and harder
distinct
well I just finished this Oh
it'll be available on iTunes and we
should have been only a call at the end
of a lonely process of making the next
dumb West out which is called 3d and
we're just
we were talking about this on one fly
over and say that it's at least in terms
of music
the highest-profile feel at least in the
evenings the Madchester scene and the
dance music which has never really been
my personal cup of tea so that's easily
described to notice again if you ask me
what music I remember from the 90 I
don't think about music you know in
terms of the theory that it was
necessarily only do I like this maybe
not so much I always understand these
original influences from the time in the
past and those things intimacies from
even further back so often
personally I don't hear many singers
well obviously with the advent of next
then Spotify I had be internet so
very few people are setting records now
so back then we used to talk to the hope
of setting records and now the records
that we make a more of a labor of love
and they advertise the fact that we're
still alive and and then we play live
and that's how I live my life
performance now so